README.markdown, before:

## HipChat emoticons

A Sinatra app running on Heroku.

See it here: <http://hipchat-emoticons.heroku.com>


## Running locally

    bundle install
    ruby app.rb
    open http://localhost:4567


## Updating emoticons.json

Run `rake` and follow its instructions.

The task will update `emoticons.json`. Commit and push.


## Credits and license

By [Henrik Nyh](http://henrik.nyh.se/) under the MIT license:

>  Copyright (c) 2011 Henrik Nyh
>
>  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>  THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

README notice about issues/pull reqs.

README.markdown, after:

## HipChat emoticons

A Sinatra app running on Heroku.

See it here: <http://hipchat-emoticons.heroku.com>

Running the update script currently involves some manual work, so I update about
once a week. Feel free to create an issue if you notice missing emoticons in between
updates.

Pull requests aren't necessary for new emoticons since there is a script, but
other pull requests are very welcome.


## Running locally

    bundle install
    ruby app.rb
    open http://localhost:4567


## Updating emoticons.json

Run `rake` and follow its instructions.

The task will update `emoticons.json`. Commit and push.


## Credits and license

By [Henrik Nyh](http://henrik.nyh.se/) under the MIT license:

>  Copyright (c) 2011 Henrik Nyh
>
>  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>  THE SOFTWARE.
